Native query planner GA - docs and changelog (#6424)
apollographql/router: docs/source/reference/router/configuration.mdx

<Tip>

> Starting with v1.59.0, the native query planner is GA and is run by default in the router with an ability to switch back to the now deprecated legacy implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v1.59.0, the native query planner is GA and is run by default. 

If you need to run the deprecated JavaScript-based implementation, configure your router's query planner mode to `legacy`:
```

<Tip>

Starting with v1.59.0, the native query planner is GA and is run by default in the router with an ability to switch back to the now deprecated legacy implementation.

```yaml title="router.yaml"
experimental_query_planner_mode: legacy
```

The legacy implementation will be removed in the next release.

</Tip>

<Tip>

> Previously, to run the most performant and resource-efficient native query planner and to disable the V8 JavaScript runtime in the router, set the following options in your `router.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: Why are we leaving this in here?

Author: I was not entirely certain if we should remove it, since our docs don't correspond to specific versions of the router. For the time being I left it in, in case someone is on the older version of the router. Would you rather that we remove it?

Author: on second thought, i'll remove it.
